Add Actions-based Fastlane Match workflow to iOS deployment guide (#293)
game-ci/documentation: docs/03-github/06-deployment/ios.mdx

> -- **Note:** Make sure you do all these steps carefully.
>
> -- **Note:** If you use GitHub Actions and Fastlane to generate your certificates, you will not need a Mac encironment, but a Mac is still recommended for debugging any issues with this workflow.

### Conceptual overview

This guide walks you through two separate processes: setting up codesigning for your game, and then building it.

When you build your Unity project for iOS, Unity will produce an Xcode project that needs to be built using Xcode on a Mac. In order to upload your app to the App Store, TestFlight, or a third-party beta distribution service, you will first need to build it in Xcode and then code-sign it.

We will be using a tool called [Fastlane](https://docs.fastlane.tools/getting-started/ios/setup/) to facilitate building, codesigning, and uploading your iOS build. 

> The base `fastlane` tool will manage using Xcode to build your project and directly upload those builds to Apple. The [Fastlane Match](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/match/) tool will generate and manage your code-signing identities and certificates for you, interacting directly with Apple via API and then storing your codesigning identities and certificates securely in a private git repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fastlane` will use Xcode to build your project and directly upload resulting builds to Apple. The [Fastlane Match](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/match/) tool will generate and manage your code-signing identities and certificates for you, interacting directly with Apple via API and then storing your codesigning identities and certificates securely in a private git repo.
```

To work around this, you will need to generate an App Store Connect API key, which match can use to authenticate you with Apple without manual 2FA input while running on CI. 

While not required, it is recommended you use a separate Apple ID just for CI purposes. Create one if you haven't already.

Next, go to https://appstoreconnect.apple.com/access/users and log in. Go to the "Keys" tab and click the plus sign (+) to generate a new set of keys. Enter a name and select "Developer" access. Once it's been generated, click the "Download API key" link, which will download a file. Note you can only download this once. 

Create three new Repository Secrets in your project GitHub repo by going to Settings -> Secrets and clicking the "New repository secret" button in the top-right. Use the following names and values:

- **APPSTORE_KEY_ID** should contain the "Key ID" from the table row
- **APPSTORE_ISSUER_ID** is your issuer ID from the top of the page
- **APPSTORE_P8** is the entire contents of the `.p8` file you downloaded, starting with `-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----` and ending with `-----END PRIVATE KEY-----`

### 3. Prepare to use Fastlane Match

> It's worth noting that the Match setup we are configuring uses a common workflow that is likely to be a good fit for many GameCI users. However, there are a number of different ways you can set up Match, and we recommend reading the Match [documentation](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/match/) and [codesigning guide](https://codesigning.guide) in their entirety.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Match setup we are configuring uses a common workflow that is likely to be a good fit for many GameCI users. However, there are a number of different ways you can set up Match, and we recommend reading the Match [documentation](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/match/) and [codesigning guide](https://codesigning.guide) in their entirety.
```
